Better support for UserDict on constructor (#55109)
pandas-dev/pandas: doc/source/whatsnew/v2.2.0.rst

Other enhancements
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
- DataFrame.apply now allows the usage of numba (via ``engine="numba"``) to JIT compile the passed function, allowing for potential speedups (:issue:`54666`)

> - It is now possible to pass an instance of a ``collections.UserDict`` subclass to initialize a DataFrame. The expected behaviour is the same as if you pass a ``dict`` (:issue:`55109`)

Reviewer: Maybe, would it be better to rephrase that to include the explicit reference to ``Mapping`` instead of giving an example of the usage as ``UserDict`` ?
```suggestion
- It is now possible to pass pass an object that either directly inherits from ``abc.Mapping`` or has it in its inheritance chain to initialize a DataFrame. The expected behaviour is the same as if you pass a ``dict`` object. (:issue:`55109`)
```

> - It is now possible to pass an object that either directly inherits from ``abc.Mapping`` or has it in its inheritance chain to initialize a DataFrame. The expected behaviour is the same as if you pass a ``dict`` object. (:issue:`55109`)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- :class:`DataFrame` now accepts ``data`` that are ``abc.Mapping`` subclasses. (:issue:`55109`)
```
